= ASMP Engage-o-Tron

Engage-o-Tron aims to let ASMP chapter leaders better serve their chapter members.

Think of it like an ASMP-specific Customer Relationship Management (CRM) tool:
using chapter roster exports and event attendance exports, you can find out
who's engaged and who's falling through the cracks.

Features:
* Import Chapter Membership Rosters
* Basic Reporting

Planned Features:
* MailChimp Integration

== Here Be Dragons!

N.B.: This is a work in progress!

This is a complete rewrite of a slapped-together utility that I had created
for the Phoenix chapter. It is not yet complete.

Have a little programming or web design experience? You're invited to
contribute in any way you feel comfortable! 

We're using Ruby on Rails 4.1 for this project. Ruby is a lovely programming
language and it shouldn't take long to get up to speed if you've ever used
another language. Rails is a little tougher pill to swallow, but there are
many great online resources and books to help you out.

Layout is built on top of the fantastic Zurb Foundation framework. If you've
used Foundation, working with the Engageotron layouts should be a snap. If
you've used Bootstrap or 960gs, they're very similar conceptually, and you
should be designing in no time!

== System Requirements

Engage-o-Tron is tested using Ruby 2.1 and PostgreSQL.

It will likely work on Ruby 1.9 or later, and _may_ work with MySQL with only
minor modifications.

== Deployment

There are three deployment options relevant to most ASMP chapters:

* <b>Standard deployment.</b> If you have a nerd at your disposal, Engage-o-tron
  may be deployed the same way as any Ruby web app. While Unicorn is used by
  default, there are no dependencies on Unicorn. Your nerd may substitute
  any server solution of their choosing. 
* <b>Heroku deployment.</b> Heroku's "Platform as a Service" offering eliminates
  most common server maintenance tasks. If your nerd isn't comfortable
  administering or doesn't want to administer a server, this allows you to
  focus solely on your custom Engage-o-Tron installation. Single-server
  Heroku instances are free and will be sufficient for most chapters.
* <b>Hosted Engage-o-Tron.</b> If you don't need custom features, I maintain a
  hosted Engage-o-Tron service available to all ASMP chapters. Any chapter
  leader may contact me to have their chapter added. This is currently free.

=== Configuration

WIP.

== Development & Testing

* Given a choice between being clear or being clever, choose clear. 

== Contributing

Fixed a bug? Added something awesome? Send a pull request!

Please include tests for your changes.